[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hats formed
a pirate alliance with Law
and defeated
the Warlord, Doflamingo,
who had seized
control of Dressrosa.
Now, at last,
the kingdom is at peace.
However, in the
aftermath of the battle,
the Navy Admiral Fujitora
sweeps in to capture
every pirate on the island
before they can escape.
[BARTOLOMEO]
Mister Zoro!
You and your friends
should stay back.
Leave this one to me!
[neighs]
Leave it to "us," you mean!
[SENGOKU] We've lost
a lot of good Marines.
But it was different
when I lost him.
He was special to me.
We met when he was a child.
I thought of him as my own son.
He was as honest as they came,
with an unshakeable
sense of justice.
Naturally, he had
my absolute trust.
[SENGOKU] Regardless, he did lie
to me once, in the very end.
[MALE MARINE J]
Landing unit here.
Among the dead,
there's a Don Quixote Exec.
His code name is Corazon.
[SENGOKU gasps]
[SENGOKU] Rosinante! What were
you doing on that island?
[SENGOKU] But I know
he must have had a reason.
There were four things that
were lost during that incident.
The Barrels Pirate crew.
The life of poor Rosinante.
The Op-Op Fruit.
And of course the young boy
who was with the
Don Quixote Family then.
The one with
the White Lead Disease.
Yeah. That was me.
[LUFFY]
"Men's Pride!
Luffy vs. Fujitora,
Head-to-Head!"
I thought so.
So when Rosinante
stepped away from his mission
for that half of a year
before he died,
it was to help you, wasn't it?
[LAW]
That's right.
He took me to
countless hospitals.
[SENGOKU]
But that failed,
so he set his sights
on the Op-Op Fruit,
and when things went south,
he sacrificed himself
to save you?
Since he meant so much
to me, I must ask.
What exactly did he die for?
My life. Everything.
Even though we weren't able to
leave together
like we'd planned,
he gave me back my freedom,
and my will to live.
[LAW]
I'm forever in his debt.
That's why I carried this out.
To take down Doflamingo
and avenge his death!
But now, I wonder
if that was my fate
as a "D." all along and he knew.
"D."?
The same secret name
as Straw Hat.
Though I still don't know
what that amounts to.
[LAW] Since you used to be
the Fleet Admiral,
perhaps you can tell me.
What's the meaning
behind that letter?
I couldn't say.
[LAW]
Don't play dumb with me!
I can tell you one thing.
Rosinante didn't know
any more about "D." than you.
[LAW gasps]
[SENGOKU] In other words,
that wasn't the reason
why he saved your life.
He didn't need a reason.
He did it out of love.
[ROSINANTE]
I love you, kid!
[SENGOKU]
Another "D.," huh?
It's true. They always
follow a checkered fate.
Shame I'm not on active duty.
I would have
locked you in a cell,
where we could have had
a nice, long chat about this.
You're the only
person I can share
all of my fond memories
of Rosinante with.
How unfortunate
that you're a pirate.
If you want to
honor his memory,
you can do the same
as I've done.
Never mind revenge.
Just keep him in
your heart, always.
[SENGOKU]
Live the life that you desire.
One that makes you happy.
He fought to set you free.
That's what he would want.
Heheh. Gimme your worst.
My barrier ain't
goin' down that easy!
[ALL]
Huh?
That barrier over there?
You're giving me
a real challenge today.
[gasps]
This looks bad!
[LAW gasps]
What the hell?
Interesting.
He's not holding back.
[TOWNSMAN A]
Whoa! What?
[TOWNSMAN B]
It's floating!
[TOWNSMAN C]
Get outta there!
That's messed up!
What's causing this?
[TOWNSWOMAN A]
The buildings--
They're lifting
straight into the air!
[TOWNSMAN E] They're not
gonna drop, are they?
[TOWNSMAN F]
No, it looks like they're all
going to the port in the east!
[GYATS] Ladies and gentlemen,
do my eyes deceive me?
Is this the work of a god?
Or giant, invisible
birds, perhaps?
No. There's only one person
on the island--
or possibly in the
world capable of this!
[gasping]
[GYATS] This is the work
of Navy Admiral Fujitora!
Pardon me,
but since you don't need
all this debris and rubble,
I thought I might
put it to good use.
Those infernal pirates are
the ones who made this mess.
So let them feel its weight.
So now what? We're screwed!
How do we fight back?
[CHIN JAO chuckles]
One things for certain--
We're going to need
a much bigger barrier!
Or a different strategy!
That's crazy!
C'mon, that's cheating! Jeez!
[DWARVES scream]
What is that in the sky?
[gasps] It's no time to be
screaming in terror!
We gotta go help
the Usolanders, somehow!
It can't be! This is mad!
That's how he intends
to capture all the pirates?
They'll be dead!
No one can survive that!
[KYROS]
This is a disaster!
Their escape fell
apart so quickly!
Lucy!
Vice Admiral Bastille.
Hey, Bastille!
[BASTILLE] Mm? Oh, uh, yes,
hello Tsuru. My apologies.
I was overwhelmed for a second.
Well? Still need
those reinforcements?
[BASTILLE]
No. We're good.
All units, withdraw!
We no longer need
reinforcements at the port!
Evacuate from the
east side of the kingdom!
Any civilians you see
should also be evacuated
to a safe location!
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[BASTILLE] Let Issho--I mean,
Admiral Issho--do his job!
[USOPP gasping]
[USOPP]
How is this even possible?!
[LAW]
Hey! Guys!
No place in this kingdom
is safe from this!
Set sail now!
All right, then, Trafal--
Gah! Law! We've been waiting
for you and Straw Hat!
Where were you two?
Run to the ship!
It's time to sail out!
[HAPPOSUI ARMY]
Uh, yeah!
[SAI]
When I said run, I meant it!
[CAVENDISH]
Hurry! Come on!
I'm fine with getting
the hell outta this place.
But I have a feeling he's
not gonna let us off that easy.
Hey! Finally!
He's here! Luffy!
[BARTOLOMEO] We gotta
haul some ass, Mister Luffy!
Took his time!
That's everybody!
Let's move out!
Mister Luffy! There's an
angry Fujitora in your way!
It's that guy.
That's quite a mouth
on you, Straw Hat.
However.
You wanna fight?
I don't suppose you'd back down?
[LUFFY grunts]
Mister Luffy, everybody's
making a run for it now!
Just dodge him! Be careful!
Just dodge him?
Hey! Gambler Man!
Do you remember me?
[FUJITORA] Of course.
I've been waiting for you.
[LUFFY]
Get ready for a fight!
'Cause you got one coming!
[BOTH gasp]
Gum-Gum Elephant Gun!
[BARTOLOMEO]
M-M-M-Mister Luffy!
That's a Navy Admiral
you just walloped!
One of the toughest Marines
in the whole dang world!
[LUFFY]
'Cause you got one coming!
Gum-Gum Elephant Gun!
[LUFFY grunting]
Mister Luffy, why?
We're supposed to
be running away!
Don't pick a fight
with that guy!
Beating him "someday"
isn't good enough.
Why should I run away?
Why should I back down
from the Navy?
I did that two years ago.
But I'm done with that now!
[USOPP, FRANKY gasp]
Everyone! Start running
and look after yourselves!
We can't win this one!
We're too weak!
[LUFFY] I don't care
if it's a Navy Admiral
or one of the Four Emperors.
I gotta beat 'em all someday.
Cause if I don't...
...then I'll never be
King of the Pirates!
Yeah. Can't argue with that one.
[USOPP groans]
Okay, fine!
If you gotta kick his ass,
then do it right!
Huh?! Mister Usopp, too?
Really? Are you sure?
I'm going all out! Get ready!
Good. Then I shall
do my best to match
your conviction with my own.
Might get ugly.
I'm gonna punch you!
Gum-Gum...
[LUFFY]
...Hawk Bullet!
[BARTOLOMEO yells]
We need to get out of here,
but I wanna watch this fight!
You really are a nuisance!
Should we fight him, too?
Now I'm gonna stomp you!
Gum-Gum...
...Hawk Axe!
I'm on board with
the stuff that Luffy said.
But calling out all his moves?
Is this some kind of
weird power play, or what?
Why do you keep
warning him, Luffy?
[LUFFY] Let's see
how you handle this one.
I'm gonna punch you really fast!
Gum-Gum Hawk Gatling!
[yelling]
[grunts]
Now I'm gonna kick you!
Next, a kick and a punch!
What'd'ya do to me?
Get up!
[LUFFY]
Oh, right.
You have Devil Fruit Powers,
I almost forgot.
Now head-butt!
Huh?
I'm gonna kick you!
[gasps] I meant "punch"!
So sorry about that!
Got carried away, there.
[FUJITORA]
No need to concern yourself.
It was no threat to me.
Okay, you ready, old man?
[yelling]
Gonna punch you!
[yells]
Now a kick and a punch!
[LUFFY]
Now punching really fast!
A shove! Head-butt! A big stomp!
[gasps]
[LUFFY gasping]
First he makes me super heavy
and then he
makes me super light?
That looked bad.
I get that you're
being a badass,
but I really think
you should run away!
No more running. Not anymore.
I see.
With your strength,
that's reasonable enough.
I do admire your spirit.
I'm gonna punch you!
But this strategy of yours
I find rather confounding!
[FUJITORA] Why are you
announcing all of your attacks?
Are you taking pity on me?
[FUJITORA]
Have you forgotten?
I'm a Navy Admiral!
I'm feared as a monster,
far and wide.
I haven't achieved
this level of strength
only to suffer your
misguided sympathy.
Are you troubled to see
a blind man on the battlefield?
Does my prowess
not speak for itself?
If you'd hoped to aggravate me,
then you've succeeded.
You can laugh your way to the
grave while I take your head!
Oh, shut up!
No matter how strong you are,
if I attack you and
you can't see it coming,
then that's like cheating!
[grunts]
You're Navy, but that
doesn't mean I don't like you!
[laughing]
Hey! What are you
laughing at? You jerk!
I'm gonna kick you!
What good is your sympathy?
[FUJITORA] Your act of mercy
will gain you nothing.
[LUFFY]
I'm gonna punch you a bunch!
[FUJITORA] I thought you
were a man of conviction,
but it seems you're strung along
by some whimsical nonsense!
Here comes a punch!
[yells]
Really hard!
When a man enters
a battle like this,
no matter his side,
he has a standing to uphold!
[FUJITORA]
That leaves no room for pity.
No matter how sincere
your feelings are,
they have no place
in this struggle.
Shut up!
You can't tell me
how to feel or what to do!
I don't desire this fight,
but I believe in my duty,
and I won't be
selfish, like you!
[LUFFY gasps]
[FUJITORA]
Gravity Blade!
[ZORO]
Aw, crap! Run!
Raging Tiger!
[LUFFY gasps]
[FUJITORA panting]
[NARRATOR] Luffy and his allies
rush to escape Dressrosa
as the ruins of the kingdom loom
precariously over their heads.
But Admiral Fujitora
will not be deterred
and hounds their
every strep relentlessly.
When the pirates are left with
nowhere to run
and nowhere to hide,
he rains down his
terrifying final attack.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"No Way Out!
Admiral Fujitora's
Ruthless Pursuit!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!